Agent {{username}}, thank you for answering the call. We have a crisis on our hands and we appreciate your help in the matter. No doubt you've heard the news of the chaos going on in the Centennial Industrial Zone. Rotchford Electronics Corp., a front for one of our undercover research facilities, has experienced a catastropic explosion during an unscheduled event with what we believe was caused by item designation X-3842.

For the full documentation of X-3842, please refer to the DECTILE XDB database. In summary, this item is an ancient gold scepter from unknown origin. Completely undocumented in every known text, X-3842's radiocarbon date indicates that it was crafted around 1500 BC. Contained within X-3842 is what our researchers have determined to be a newly activated zero point energy source.

As you can see from the news, our worst X-3842 nightmares have been realized. We have reason to believe that X-3842 was activated without authorization from research administrators. OX-BB8499 (2006) was the last sanctioned experiment involving X-3842.

Moments before the explosion event, we received a panicked call from our contact at the site. Dr. Robert Destin, the facility's senior researcher, reported that one of his team had entered the containment chamber without authorization, and that the Centennial Industrial Zone should be evacuated. The call was cut off, and now we can see that Rotchford Electronics Co. has experienced a massive explosion.

The area is emitting ZM fields, and what at first look appears to be lightning. The ZM field is disrupting communication. We have lost contact with personnel on the inside, and due to the size of the explosion, we believe the chance of survivors is low. To make matters worse, our observers report that the ZM field is slowly enlarging, electrocuting and killing living organisms it comes in contact with.

We need your help. As traditional forms of communication are disrupted, we turn to you, Agent {{username}}, to put your abilities to work. Our immediate needs are that we need eyes on ground zero, so we can formulate a plan to reverse the effects of X-3842. Our shielded robotics were destroyed within seconds of entering the ZM field, but that's where we know your skills as an Esper will shine. Please remote view (what's left of) the containment chamber. Report to us the situation, any personnel present, and any perceived methods of diffusing X-3842.


Time is of the essence!

--

Marshall Smith
smith.marshall@networkengineersfrontier.rot
DECTILE Broadlead C/O Network Engineers Frontier
+1 509-262-5208 ext. 43E0
52328 lsb. Roseway Suite #923
Joursey, MU
