Agent {{username}}, thank you for answering the call. We have a crisis on our hands and we appreciate your help in the matter. No doubt you've heard the news of the chaos going on in the Centennial Industrial Zone. Rotchford Electronics Corp., a front for one of our undercover research facilities, has experienced a catastropic explosion during an unscheduled event with what we believe is item designation X-3842D. "

For the full documentation of X-3842D, please refer to the DECTILE database. In summary, this item is a gold scepter from unknown origin. Completely undocumented in every known ancient text, the scepter's radiocarbon date indicates that it was crafted around 1500 BC. Contained within the staff is what our researchers have determined to be a zero point energy source. Discovered in 1992, the scepter has hidden from the public due to the unknown origin. The staff is made up of almost solid gold, save for the core and the head, which is a metal not naturally occurring on earth. The staff was considered curious, yet inert, and stashed away at the Rotchford Electronics Corp. facility up until the past decade, at which time the zero point energy source manifested itself.

Normally, high energy sources such as this are not stored at our Rotchford Electronics Corp. facility, as Centennial is a highly populated area, and containing such an item would be dangerous to the public. Our attempts to relocate the scepter during the past decade has been unsuccessful. Extraction operation OX-BB8499 resulted in two deaths, when the scepter was handled by personnel. During this operation, X-3842D, assumedly under it's own power, held itself stationary in place, and personnel were unable to move X-3842D. The crate and padding X-3842D was encased in was removed, and X-3842D held it's position, levitated above the floor. Heavy machinery was employed to move X-3842D, at which point X-3842D released an explosion of energy, killing two personnel.

Our subsequent findings were that X-3842D was safe as long as it was not disturbed. Most operations at the Rotchford Electronics Co. facility were haulted. A containment chamber was constructed around X-3842D, and operations relocated. All experiments on X-3842D were denied as such experiments would jeopardize the safety of the city. As you can see from the news, our worst nightmares have been realized.

We have reason to believe that X-3842D was activated without authorization from research administrators. OX-BB8499 (2006) was the last scheduled experiment involving X-3842D.

Moments before the event, we received a panicked call from our contact at the site. Dr. Robert Destin, the facility's senior researcher, reported that one of his team had entered the containment chamber without authorization, and that the Centennial Industrial Zone should be evacuated. The call was cut off, and now we can see that Rotchford Electronics Co. has experienced a massive explosion.

The area is emitting ZM fields, and what at first look appears to be lightning. The XM field is disrupting communication. We have lost contact with personnel on the inside, and due to the size of the explosion, we believe the chance of survivors is low. To make matters worse, our observers report that the ZM field is slowly enlarging, electrocuting and killing living organisms it comes in contact with.

We need your help. As traditional forms of communication are disrupted, we turn to you, Agent {{username}}, to put your abilities to work. Our immediate needs are that we need eyes on ground zero, so we can formulate a plan to reverse the effects of X-3842D. Our shielded robotics were destroyed within seconds of entering the ZM field, but that's where we know your skills as an Esper will shine. Please remote view (what's left of) the containment chamber. Report to us the situation, any personnel present, and any perceived methods of diffusing X-3842D.


Time is of the essence!

--

Marshall Smith
smith.marshall@networkengineersfrontier.rot
DECTILE Broadlead C/O Network Engineers Frontier
+1 509-262-5208 ext. 43E0
52328 lsb. Roseway Suite #923
Joursey, MU
